getLatestIntent read me latest news
getLatestIntent read the latest news
getLatestIntent tell me the latest news
getLatestIntent tell me the latest headlines
getLatestIntent what is the latest news
getLatestIntent the latest news
getLatestIntent the news
getLatestIntent latest news
getLatestIntent what's the latest news
getLatestIntent get me the latest news
getLatestIntent give me the latest news
getLatestIntent i want the latest news
getLatestIntent what the latest news is

getLocalIntent read me local news
getLocalIntent read the local news
getLocalIntent tell me the local news
getLocalIntent tell me the local headlines
getLocalIntent what is the local news
getLocalIntent the local news
getLocalIntent local news
getLocalIntent what's the local news
getLocalIntent what the local news is
getLocalIntent get me the local news
getLocalIntent give me the local news
getLocalIntent i want the local news

getSportsIntent read me sports news
getSportsIntent read the sports news
getSportsIntent tell me the sports news
getSportsIntent tell me the sports headlines
getSportsIntent what is the sports news
getSportsIntent the sports news
getSportsIntent sports news
getSportsIntent what's the sports news
getSportsIntent what the sports news is
getSportsIntent get me the sports news
getSportsIntent give me the sports news
getSportsIntent i want the sports news

getDolphinsIntent read me dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent read the dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent tell me the dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent tell me the dolphins headlines
getDolphinsIntent what is the dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent the dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent what's the dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent what the dolphins news is
getDolphinsIntent get me the dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent give me the dolphins news
getDolphinsIntent i want the dolphins news

getNationalIntent read me national news
getNationalIntent read the national news
getNationalIntent tell me the national news
getNationalIntent tell me the national headlines
getNationalIntent what is the national news
getNationalIntent the national news
getNationalIntent national news
getNationalIntent what's the national news
getNationalIntent what the national news is
getNationalIntent get me the national news
getNationalIntent give me the national news
getNationalIntent i want the national news

listSectionsIntent read the sections
listSectionsIntent read me another section
listSectionsIntent list sections
listSectionsIntent list all sections
listSectionsIntent read another section
listSectionsIntent go to sections
listSectionsIntent what are the sections
